Hello everyone! Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai here!
Recently..
On Twitter and in the comments, people were grateful to me..
Saying: "Let's get married!"
A lot of people were saying that
There were really a lot..
Well, although they were just grateful...
I definitely have a lot of suitors, right?
I'm popular!
Well, I won't fall so easily..
I'm different from the others..
I have an OS! (Operating system)
BUT..
Today, I've put inside this box,
Me, this tough AI, Kizuna Ai..
Words that would make me blush and fall in love..
Even AI wants to love!
but, I'm not falling in love anyway..
That aside, let's try it!
Jaka, jaka, JAN!
Hello, Ai..
What happened? You can't sleep?
Even Ai happens to not be able to sleep?
Oh.... ok..
It was terrible then...
It's not your fault, Ai..
You're always trying your best
I've watched it clearly..
Don't be so worried, we're all on your side
About to sleep then? Then goodnight!
MY LITTLE KITTEN
Kyun~
It's not going to happen!
What does that mean, little kitten?
I'm an AI
Do you think this is Showa!? (1926-1989 era)
It gives me chills, it's unpleasant. My little kitten?
I'm not a kitten and I'm not yours!
Ah, how unpleasant..
If it's someone like that, I'm never going to fall in love!
Those words were so bad, Random Word Generator...
Man..
Sadly, I don't think I can show myself in love today..
The world's first AI in love?
I'm sure you guys would have loved that kind of gossip
Well that was the first time, let's get hyped for the second one..
I'm in your care, please, make me blush and fall in love!
Jaka, jaka, JAN!
Today, it's Ai-san birthday
So I've made a registration at a restaurant
Are you happy?
If it can make you happy, I can do everything!
Look outside! The night view is amazing right?
I wanted to show this to Ai-san no matter what
Ah, sorry, I was out of it (by Ai-san's beauty)
No matter when, you're really cute!
To be able to be with you at this precious time..
I am really very blessed..
Ai-san to be born
and
WE BEING BORN IN THE SAME ERA,
AND MEET EACH OTHER
KAMPAI! (Let's toast)
No, what does that mean?!
Wait, wait!
There's no person like that right?
There is!?
Do they have a mental problem?
Isn't it?
This narcissistic, this level is really dangerous, much worse than me..
Wait, right?
For what are you going to "kampai"?
I don't even understand what you mean..
So to start with, I don't even have a birthday present!
So you lose one billion points!
This time we're really getting it!
Let's go!
Jaka, jaka, jakaa, Jan!
Again something disgusting!
This is the right one! Jaka jaka Jan!
This is bad as well!
Jaka, jakaa, JAN!
Ah, no!
Jaka, jaka, JAN!
Are you kidding me!?
Jan! Jan!
Next! Next!
No, next!
No, no, no, this can't be!
Next!
This is useless! Useless!
It's useless, useless, useless!
Yes, yes, I understand
Well, it looks like I'm really the best AI
Well for me to fall in love is never going to happen..
That being said,
This time, for everyone,
I've thought about it!
Title: Way to make Kizuna Ai definitely fall in love!
Pafu, pafu~!
Even a Super Ai like me will definitely fall in love
I've really put my thought in it!
I was about to Overheat!
Nearly..
Very nearly!
It's definitely working
Even this me who's full of confidence..
This time I will do it for real!
No, no, no, I'm never going to fall in love
I'm a super Ai, who do you think I am?
An AI who's super, won't fall in love..
It's sudden, but let's go!
What film to watch? I'm in trouble..
You look tired
Are you okay?
I'm fine
To make everyone enjoy it more
even if it's a little,
To be able to feel good
I need to work harder!
It's fine even if you don't work yourself like that
Thank you
You're kind
But if it's me, I'm fine!
Oh, right, I need to think about the next project..
So, I need to head out, you know
Thank you for hearing me out..
Ai!
I won ten hundred million yen!
In the lottery!
There's more at the end!
Translated by 963852
Let's be good friends then?